[phone rings]
[speaking Japanese]
[music]
Hi!
- Hi, Andy. - Hello, Andy.
Hi, guys.
And hello to you, the listener and member of Club Fish.
Welcome to Drop Us Align.
You're occasional, I was going to say monthly,
but sometimes it moves around a bit,
your sporadic post-bag episode where we talk about the facts
that you've sent in to us,
the challenges that you've sent,
the factual errors that we might have to defend ourselves
against accusations of having made.
That's the show.
[laughs]
Right, so let's get into the post-bag.
Here's a good one to start off.
This is great, it's from John.
- Hi, John. - Hello, John.
John Jenkins, great name.
John writes, "Hi, elves.
"Did the claim that James Garfield was fed
"through his anus first episode query?"
- You know what, Andy, can I just say?
You're very keen for us to do these Drop Us Aligns
quite regularly because you're worried
that we might start talking about episodes
that people don't remember very well,
like from maybe a month ago.
But it turns out you got one from nine years ago.
- Yeah, this has got a special place to mark.
I think 'cause we talk about President Garfield so much.
- Well, no, the Anna episode as well.
We played that in as a section. - Oh, did we?
- I believe we did, and that was about four months ago.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah. - So, okay.
John writes, "So basically, we had this claim
"that President Garfield, for the last three months
"of his life, ate everything for the day.
"'Cause he'd been shot and he was on his stomach
"and he couldn't, yeah, okay.
"Did the claim that James Garfield was fed
"through his anus, get officially debunked
"on no such thing as a fish?
"Because chat GPT has warned me
"quite passive aggressively about believing
"or spreading false information.
"And he's appended a screenshot
"of a chat he had with chat GPT."
Right, so John says, "James Garfield ate
"through his anus to chat GPT."
And chat GPT writes back,
"That claim is not based on any factual information
"and is not supported by any credible sources.
"James Garfield was the 20th President
"of the United States and he did not eat
"through his anus.
"He was assassinated in 1881 and blah, blah, blah.
"And so he wrote, and he wrote again,
"like, where did the claim come from then?
"And chat GPT writes back,
"there is a persistent urban legend
"that James Garfield was fed through his rectum
"after being shot in the back.
"It's completely unfounded, it has no basis in fact,
"and is not supported by any credible sources."
So, John was very concerned and wrote to us
and it absolutely is true.
- So, as in John is susted out
or you've gone off to do extra research?
- Well, I've gone off and looked into it a bit more.
It hasn't been debunked, it's absolutely true.
- Okay, well, this is what's happened here.
It's really clear.
A few episodes ago, you came up with a chat GPT version
of "No Such Things as a Fish" and it really, really sucked.
And probably chat GPT in his newfound sentience
has heard that and thought,
"You know what?
"I'm gonna bring these guys down a peg or two."
And so, he's decided to do this.
- Oh, yeah, right.
Crumble it from Ep 1.
It's like taking a Jenga block out from the bottom
or all three, top of the whole thing.
- Do you wanna hear a Jenga fact?
- Yeah.
- In the game of Jenga,
the official original rules of Jenga,
no two Jenga blocks are exactly identical.
They all have to be slightly different.
- You're kidding.
- Uh-uh.
- What?
Okay, that's mind-blowing.
- So, the reason being that when you stack them up,
if they were all identical,
then they would stack perfectly
and it would be a boring game
'cause you wouldn't be able to push any of them out.
- So, is the original or still?
- I think it's still, but it was definitely the original.
And so, they have very, very slight flaws in them,
which means that they're not quite standing
on top of each other,
which means that the friction doesn't hold them in place.
- So, every block is unique.
A spoke, Jenga. - Nice, isn't it?
It's a nice, you know, it's nice.
- Is it someone just standing by the machine
doing the woodblock cutting,
just nudging it every time the block goes in?
- Anyway, so just to go back to the Garfield thing,
I found this amazing article on medium.com
all about the doctor.
Do you remember he was called?
His first name was Doctor. - Doctor Willard Bliss.
- Doctor Doctor Willard Bliss, exactly.
And it has incredibly detailed information
about the rectal feeding,
which I don't think we ever covered in the first episode.
He wrote a pamphlet, Doctor Bliss,
a year after Garfield died,
which is called Feeding Per Rectum,
as illustrated in the case
of the late president Garfield and others.
- Wow.
- And it endorsed the method,
it had notes on how it had been used,
and it had all these detailed notes
about what he'd been fed.
- I gave Anna for her birthday
a leaflet from Doctor Doctor Willard Bliss.
So they handed some out,
like when Garfield died,
they handed out a lot of leaflets to the crowd,
saying that the president is dead.
And they're still extant, you can still buy them.
- Wow. - And I bought Anna one
for her birthday once. - It's very nice.
- That's amazing.
- Well, if you want to, for the next birthday,
you can buy a copy of this pamphlet.
- Oh, we've just missed it.
- Yeah. - Oh, well.
- It's a bit odd though,
because it's suggesting it, but the patient dies.
So it's, the method, I guess he's saying,
is what works here.
- He's saying the method is good,
and he has all these notes about what was fed.
I don't think we cover the fact that fresh cow's blood
was issued as a food,
like a kind of very irony smoothie.
- No, we didn't.
Squirrel soup we did.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- Eggs that were causing annoying flatus.
- Yes.
- Wasn't there a flaming something?
- A flaming sambuca, yeah, that was a,
yeah, very badly wrong.
- On this subject of chat GPT and other bots.
- Yeah.
- We did a fact about, I can't remember,
I don't think it was explicitly about Alexa,
but it was kind of about Alexa the other day.
And I found out that you can go on to askalexa.com
or something like that,
and you can put in your own answers to questions.
- Okay.
- So it helps Alexa to work,
because it gives you all the answers.
You know, you never know what people are gonna ask.
It's not a chat bot,
so it needs to be fed the questions and fed the answers.
And I fed the answer to,
is there a such thing as a fish?
Because until that point,
if you said is there such thing as a fish,
you said yes, a fish is an animal,
which has fins and a backbone and blah, blah, blah.
And so I fed in according to biologist Steven J. Gould,
there is no such thing as a fish
because a hagfish is more closely related
to a human than a salmon.
Oh, whatever it was.
I can't remember what I said.
- You've done this for anyone asking their Alexa.
- So I did, and I got an email back from Alexa saying,
this is now in the system,
but then I tried it the other day and it didn't work.
So if everyone listening to this can ask their Alexa.
- Check it out right now.
- Check it out and see if it's in there,
'cause it says that it's in there,
but it doesn't seem to be doing it.
- Well, we're well done for doing that bit of viral marketing.
- We could probably do it right now.
I bet someone's like, Alexa, is there such thing as a fish?
Someone's house that would have just sent it off just then.
- Brilliant. - That's great.
- See, that's the kind of thing
that's gonna keep us ahead of the competition
in podcast terms.
- Absolutely, Alexa, "Buy Everything to Play For"
by James Harkin and Anna Tyshinski from amazon.com.
Sorry, just while we're doing that.
- Absolutely, get it in.
It's pre-order, we should add.
- Yeah, yeah.
- But if you want a book now,
Alexa, "Buy the Theory of Everything Else" by Dan Shriver.
- Well, yeah, but I just feel like that's,
they're all a bit non-fiction.
People might want something a bit different.
Alexa, "Buy the Sanctuary" by Andrew Hunter Murray.
- Right, can we move on?
Can we move on from plugging our own personal endeavors?
- Can I say that it's about your book?
You absolutely can't say that.
- Well, no, it's about, no, no, it's about my audio book.
Oh my God. - No, come on.
- No, chatGPT, the three of us had a chat with someone
who was telling us about the dangers
of what's going on with it right now.
It's getting really scary
because it's kind of using global information.
It's using the hive mind to answer questions
that maybe shouldn't be answered and getting a bit scary.
So there was a story the other day.
I don't know if you guys saw this
where chatGPT was given a challenge
in order to do a task online.
And the only thing stepping in its way
was the fact that it had a capture.
So it had one of those things where you have to identify
where the-- - The traffic lights are.
- The traffic lights are and so on.
Robots can't do it, AI can't do it, impossible.
So that's the bit where chatGPT stops.
Except chatGPT looked about
how you get around something like that,
hired a human from TaskRabbit or one of those sites
who then did the capture for it
and then it got in to complete the task.
- So the robots-- - That's clever.
- They're coming.
- You said chatGPT too.
- I said P. - No, you said B.
It sounded like a rubbish British version of chatGPT.
(laughing)
- It answers everything with a, ooh, hello!
- Or is it like GB News?
They reply with everything going,
"Oh, yeah, but what about Starmer, eh?"
- More like the Plandemic, yeah.
Right, come on, let's do some emails, let's do some emails.
Right, we got an email, this is very exciting,
from Duncan Pierce.
- Oh, that is exciting.
- Yeah, well it is.
'Cause the subject line is Spicy Meat.
- Oh, right.
- Ooh.
- You messaged us about this,
we said not to open it, but you went there.
- Yeah. - Exciting, okay.
- Spicy Meat was something we introduced
on the last episode of the podcast.
- And it means like what inside knowledge about--
- No, no, no, that's just meat.
This is Spicy Meat about dangerous or forbidden topics.
- Oh, okay. - You know what I mean?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
- Or controversial stuff.
Let's see, I mean, see how spicy you think this meat is.
Hello, he says, he's picked up the lingo.
I have a slice of spicy meat I would like to share.
On the latest episode of Drop As A Line,
so we're inceptioning ourselves here,
you mentioned that people often think
that James' face matches Andy's voice and vice versa.
I think that Andy's name matches Dan's face better
and Dan's name matches Andy's face better.
I'm not really sure why, I just think it's the vibes,
you know, hugs and kisses Duncan.
- Is that spicy?
- I don't think it's, I'm afraid, like it's meat.
It's unquestionably meat, but I don't think it's spicy enough.
But it's not bad meat.
But I wouldn't send it back in a restaurant,
which I do with anything above a lemon and herb, I'm afraid.
I've gleefully enjoyed that lemon and herb email from you,
so thank you. - Yeah, nice.
- All right, here's another one, it's from Gary Greenberg.
Lovely name.
High quotes, no such thing as a fish podcasters.
We know who's being addressed.
I'm a little behind on my podcasts,
so I just heard the one where you talked about people
who can get goosebumps at will.
- That wasn't too long ago.
- I happen to be one of those people.
- Ooh.
- I now know just how rare it is
to build on a couple of things said in the podcast.
One, I have actually described this as a useless superpower,
so that description was spot on in my opinion.
Two, no, I can't make my nipples arrest at will.
(laughing)
- That's what we all wanted to know.
'Cause it's just like one giant goose bump.
- Who follows up?
If you'd like, I can try to take a video of it.
Brackets, the goose bumps, not my nipples.
- Oh, yeah, I'd be keen.
I'm, unless there are nipples, I'm not interested.
I'm afraid Gary.
- Fair enough.
- What if he really zoomed in on a goose bump?
- Yeah, that'll do.
Yeah.
(laughing)
- If you were making a model railway,
- Go on.
- You could use your goose bumps
as tiny nipples for the characters.
(laughing)
- Well, that is an interesting offer.
That's quite spicy.
- I got sent a complaint,
which should be, it should go, you know,
it should go to you really.
- Oh, goose bump.
(laughing)
- Okay.
No, no, this is just, I got sent this on DM a while ago.
So I'm sorry it's taking so long to bring it to the table.
It's from, I think someone called Ringo Bryan.
I might have added Ringo.
So let's call it, 'cause he signs off as B.
So maybe it's Bryan.
- Okay.
- All right.
Hello, Dan.
Long time listener, first time writer,
huge fan of the show.
Can express my dismay at the most recent episode
with Lucy Porter, so it's a while ago.
In which you and Lucy go on to spoil
one flu over the Cuckoo's Nest.
As you were talking, it sounded great.
And I paused the episode and I went and bought the book.
- Oh no.
- You can then imagine my horror
when not 45 seconds later, you go on to spoil it.
Oh, it's all to everyone is likely to know the story.
He puts in quotes, but not only spoil it,
but go on to explain the subtleties in the chief's actions
in that it was a mercy killing.
Any other books you wanna ruin?
Currently reading remains of the day.
You wanna take a swipe?
I love a crack.
All my love.
B, just to let you know, mate,
that at the end of the remains of the day,
Stevens the Butler realizes his life has been a hollow sham.
And he sits on a bench.
- Does he?
- That's it.
Yeah, it's a, but it doesn't matter
'cause the journey to get there is an incredible book
and you should read it anyway.
- Do you think there is something in this
of like a chat line, perhaps,
where people want to hear spoilers
and you employ someone who's read myriad books
like you have Andy.
So you just sit by your phone
and someone just goes,
"Dring, ring, ring, ring, 39 steps."
- Oh, it's a memory system set by a guy.
Yeah, yeah, that's good.
I like it.
Oh, hello.
Yes, they each think the other one's died.
It's a poison thing.
Yeah, yeah.
And then, funnily enough, they both die.
- Brilliant.
- Bye.
Is it for sadists or is it for cramming GCSE students
or is it for--
- Sometimes you come up with the idea
and you don't know what the market is
and the market just arrives.
- Yeah, if you build it, they will come.
- Yeah.
- It feels like a grave.
- Is that a spoiler about--
- Field of Dreams?
- Field of Dreams.
(laughing)
- Spongebob, they do build it.
- They came.
(laughing)
- Oh, that's great.
Here's an email from Molly Blue Dawn.
The mention of gold beater's skin in episode 476
reminded me that in Japan, instead of cow intestines,
what is it, they used to beat gold very, very thin
by putting it in between layers of cow intestines.
- That's right, yeah.
- In Japan, instead of cow intestines,
gold beater's used tanuki scrota.
- Pardon, who was tanuki?
(laughing)
- A tanuki is another name for a raccoon dog.
- Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, I know them, yeah, yeah.
- Animal they have.
But there's a big thing in Japan of tanuki
with massive nutsacks.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- And supposedly it's because the gold beater's
were using the scrotums to wallop
the gold leaf very, very, very thin.
And she sent a source and it looked pretty reputable.
So there we go.
- That's really good.
- Yeah, nice.
Thank you very much, Molly.
- I got a coin, can I just chuck one more in?
Just like save these on my phone
and I realized I hadn't read them.
This is from Tim Ryan in Canada.
Just finished episode 463 with your fact
about the sluggered wakers in church.
You remember I had this fact where
if you fell asleep in church,
someone went around poking you to make sure
you'd come to and be awake for the service.
- They kept poking you to make sure you'd come.
- Yeah, so, too.
These people, says Tim,
these people are alive and well
and thriving in rural Ghana.
I went to two churches while there
and both had women patrolling the side aisles
with six foot poles that they would poke,
not so gently between people's shoulders
if they're not at all.
- Yeah, that's really good.
- Pretty cool.
- That's good.
- That's awesome.
- Here's a query for more information from Michael.
Michael writes, "Sorry to hound you."
This is actually a clever joke with so many emails.
I was just listening to the British Library episode
with Sally Phillips and found myself wanting to know more
about your hound, pooch, or mutt game.
It was glossed over in the episode.
- There was a reason we glossed over this.
- I don't remember this.
- I'm sure I'm the only listener.
He says I'm sure I'm the only listener.
I think he must mean I'm sure I'm not the only listener.
Desperate to hear which doggy traits
belong to which category.
- So Andy has this game that he plays
whenever he sees a canine.
They are either a mutt, a pooch, or a hound.
- Okay.
- And apparently, if you're Andy,
you can automatically tell which is which.
- Well, it takes, it's taken time,
but I'm now very, very quick.
- And the person who decides whether or not
you're right is you.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, yeah.
- Normally you play it with someone else.
It's not really a one player game.
It can be, at a pinch, in a tight spot.
- I can't picture the difference between the three.
- Think of it, think of a classic pooch.
You know, I'm thinking a shih tzu.
I'm thinking something that's small
and fluffy and defenseless, you know?
There are some dogs which are clearly poochers.
And you can have very large poochers as well,
but normally they're a bit smaller.
Hounds, you know what a hound is?
It's like, it's an Irish wolf hound,
or it's like, they're big, they're long legs,
they're rangy, they're terrifying.
Then you've got a mutt, which is a bit of a catchall.
- Okay, let me ask some questions
due to what I see day to day.
What is Harry McClary from Donaldson's Dairy?
- That's a children's book character, isn't it?
I think Harry McClary is a mutt.
- He's a mutt.
- A bit of everything, you know?
- Hercules Mars as big as a horse.
- My knowledge of the universe, I'm afraid, is not,
I mean, if he's as big as a horse, he sounds like a hound.
- Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Yeah, he's pretty handy, yeah.
But it's on a dog-by-dog basis, you know?
- Can you have two dogs from the same breed,
one of which is a hound
and one of which is a mutt's horror?
- I don't know if you could have two Daxons,
one of which is a pooch.
I think they're quite pooch.
Oh, no, they're quite hound-y, actually.
- Well, that's hound.
- Yeah, and they used to be hunting dogs, so yeah.
And you can have, like, it's star signs, you know,
it's like, it's hound with a bit of pooch.
- Okay.
- You know, anyway, it's a really fun game.
- Oh, yeah, it sounds great.
- No, I'm trying to get my head around it
'cause I'm thinking, like, a pit bull, what's a pit bull?
What's a sausage dog?
What, like, these dogs-
- Well, there's a hound. - What's a sausage dog, then?
- Well, I think it's a bit of a,
I think that's also a hound
'cause they can be quite vicious, and you know.
- Okay, so hound is a trait of viciousness, isn't it?
- There's also just dog, which is a Labrador,
which is a classic dog.
- That's dog?
- Yeah, Labrador and Retrieve are both just dogs.
- Okay, right, right, wow, great game.
- I think maybe keep it to one player.
(laughing)
- Let's move on.
Let's move on to an email from anonymous teacher Jenny.
- Okay.
- Not very anonymous.
- Half anonymous, crucially.
Hello, no such thing as a fish team.
I am a high school history teacher from Pennsylvania.
I have checked with Jenny what I'm allowed to say about her,
and already I feel like it's quite narrowed.
Every Friday morning, I listen to your podcast
during my drive to school, and I also get to my classroom.
- So she lives not within walking distance
of her school in Pennsylvania?
- Oh, dear.
(laughing)
Yeah, I get to my classroom ready for the day.
I suppose I've brought it up enough with my first class
that some of my students have taken to asking,
so what facts did you learn this morning, Ms. Cernay,
and I haven't redacted that.
I'm very excited that today I will get to tell them
about tiny bits of coal.
(laughing)
- Oh, no.
- 'Cause we covered what model row is used for coal,
which is small lumps of coal.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hence my chill earlier about nipples.
- Yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah.
What I won't tell them, Jenny continues,
is that I was laughing so hard
at how ridiculous that whole bit was,
I nearly ran one of them, my pupils, over.
(laughing)
While pulling into the parking lot.
Fortunately, everyone was fine,
and it was only me who even seemed to notice, but still.
She says, imagine if I would've had to explain to the police
about just how funny it was that model train builders
use tiny pieces of coal to represent coal on their models,
and that's why it was momentarily
and justifiably incapacitated.
- It feels like she'd get off, don't you think?
- I think so.
I think no jury would convict.
- Yeah.
- So thank you, Jenny.
(laughing)
- We have had a few of those, did we help you?
- I was just thinking that.
We once sent a photo of an actual car crash,
someone went off the side of the road,
'cause they were laughing so hard, apparently.
She sent us, yeah, she sent us photos.
It was like a quite mangled car.
This was in our first year, I think.
- Oh, well, that was very funny.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- That was tired.
- It burnt out.
- It's a great stuff, there.
- It's the Garfield Anus here, yeah.
- Yeah.
- Oh, well, thanks for writing in, Jenny.
- Thank you, yeah, yeah.
And there's just one wrong Colgate.
There's another one from Jules.
- Colgate?
- Sorry.
(laughing)
Colgate.
- Gate, yeah.
Jules writes in saying,
I suspect others may have mentioned this.
You're wrong, Jules.
You're wrong, wrong, wrong.
A lot of people write in saying,
I think a lot of other people must have mentioned this.
Almost invariably they're the only person who's noticed it.
I don't know what's going on there.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Anyway.
- Spam filters.
(laughing)
- In episode 479, Andy got very excited
in the lead up to a motor railway fact.
I was on the edge of my seat,
brackets metaphorically as I was walking.
(laughing)
Because I knew a related MOS fact.
Could it be possible that I might have known something
before hearing it on the podcast?
- I bet it's not.
- Alas, no.
The slight groans, very generous to call them slight,
at coal being used to model coal were echoed by myself
as I realized Andy had a swing and a miss
when he could have told everyone
that model railway makers often use MOS
to recreate bushes and trees.
- That's so funny.
- On the railways.
Now, I'm afraid, Jules, I think I have mentioned that
on the whole episode of the podcast.
- I'm not sure if it hasn't been on the podcast for sure.
'Cause I remember our producer of QI, P.S. Fletcher,
used to make fun of you all the time.
But apparently you once mentioned
that MOS can be used on model railways
and almost every meeting he used to say,
"Oh, Andy with his MOS on his model railways."
- That's absolutely right.
- It became quite a thing, didn't it,
for about a year.
- It did, but that was also during the year
when we were teasing him because it turns out
he keeps all his old checkbook stubs.
(laughing)
So it really became a bit of a back and forth
war of attrition there.
- Yeah.
- That's amazing.
- If I look in our archive for the word MOS,
I'm gonna get absolutely nowhere.
(laughing)
Jules, I'm afraid I've got no way of proving it
if it hasn't been on the podcast, but I did know it.
- I think, you know, sometimes when you bring a topic
to the table with fish and we do our recordings
and then we gotta move on 'cause time's running out.
- Yeah.
- I wish I just had a bit more time to chat.
I sort of feel like Drop Us Align
is slightly turning into Andy's chats
to just really get back into the meat of a subject
that we said goodbye to.
- I think it's more like he listens to the final edit
and he's like, "I can't believe he cut that out."
(laughing)
- Well, the last time we talked about model trains,
I actually don't think,
I don't think it was mentioned, the MOS thing.
So actually Jules, that's a perfectly reasonable email
to send, even if fundamentally baseless.
I used to have it when I was young
and I did have model, was making models.
- Well, that's the thing about bullying in the workplace.
It's often based on a nub of truth.
- Yeah.
- And that's why it's often fine.
(laughing)
- Not defendable in court.
- But she was saying that she had, she was like,
oh, I can't believe.
- Yeah, Jules.
- I don't know, Jules.
- Oh, could be Jules.
- Yeah.
- Jules Holland.
- Jules.
- Could be Jules.
A famous model railway.
- Yeah.
- An aficionado, Jules Holland.
- Oh, well, there we go.
This is exciting.
- Did you know that, Dan?
- Is that one of the facts I got cut from?
- Jules Holland, yeah, well.
(laughing)
I think I might have pre-cut it
and just not said it on the way.
- Right, right.
- But Jules Holland has a huge model railway.
- Does he?
No, I didn't know that.
- Yeah.
- Jules' annual hootenanny
is actually built inside his model railway track.
(laughing)
It's sad.
It's very impressive.
Sorry, what were you gonna say, Jules?
- Was Jules saying that they were astonished
that they knew something about MOS
without having learned it on our show?
- 'Cause if that's the case, then yes, that's--
- No, in fact, before me and--
- Oh, okay, all right, no, no, then that's fine, yeah.
- Yeah, so anyway,
I think it still counts as a swing and a miss.
- Yeah.
- And I'll take that on the chin.
- I actually, when you started saying that fact
about the coal,
I genuinely thought you were gonna say about MOS.
Because you remember, you said,
I've got a fact about model railways
and Dan realized what you were gonna say
because you told us there was this boring fact.
- Yeah.
- And I knew it was gonna be a boring fact
and I was sure it was gonna be the MOS.
- The MOS thing, yeah, yeah.
I really threw you for a loop there, yeah.
All right, here's one more.
This is a really nice one, this is from Lily.
Hello, Andy, Andrew, James, and Anna.
Sorry, Dan.
- Say that again.
- Hello, Andy, Andrew, James, and Anna.
- Two hello's for you.
- Yes, that's the point, that is why I read that.
(laughing)
- Do you wanna hear a fact about Andes?
- Oh yeah, go on, yeah.
- For the last podcast, which was about puffins,
which will have gone out by the time this goes out,
I found in the OED that there was an old English word
for a puffin, which was a cock Andy.
- A cock Andy.
- Cock Andy.
- There's another new nickname.
- Cock Andy is quite.
- Yeah, it's cute.
Puffins are cute.
- They are cute.
- Anyway, sorry.
- No, no, no, no.
Anyway, Lily writes hello to me twice
so the rest of you can get stuffed.
I'm a huge fan of yours.
- Well, all four of us.
- All four of us.
(laughing)
- I found out strong Victorian ladies used to be a thing
and can't recall an episode in which you discuss them.
Apologies if you have.
I think we might've fleetingly mentioned them.
I think it was 'cause we did them on the TV show,
we never really got fully into them and that thing.
Anyway, she just mentions a fact, which I love,
which is very related to fish as well, which is great.
Get this, in 1901, Valkana, the strong woman,
freed a wagon stuck in Maiden Lane Covent Garden
by lifting it in front of astonished witnesses.
- Wow.
- And she links to an article
all about the Victorian strong women.
- That's great.
We actually mentioned Sundwina, I think, didn't we?
- We did briefly, yeah, yeah.
But for the reference, our office used to be on Maiden Lane.
And do you know the other weird thing?
They pedestrianized it during COVID.
That's not the weird thing, shut up, shut up.
But they pedestrianized it by planting these huge wagons
across the beginning and end of the lane.
So a modern day Valkana would be able to--
- It's like a sword in the stone,
but it's the wagon in the cobbled street.
That's very cool.
- Yeah, exactly.
Well, thank you, Lili.
This is Dan, by the way, I'm on the show as well.
(laughing)
- Brilliant.
- Bye.
(upbeat music)
- Oh.
- You never know.
- Yeah, you never know.
- That was it.
No, no, no, that is it.
That's all of our emails.
Thank you so much for writing in, everybody.
And if you'd like to write to me, Andy, James and Anna,
any time you can do, just drop us a line.
All you have to do is write a podcast at qi.com.
We love hearing your extra information,
your challenges, your spicy meats.
So please do, please do keep sending them in.
And we'll be back with another one of these in a month or so.
All right, see you then.
Bye.
(upbeat music)